SAFETY DATA SHEET
DEMINERALISED WATER
Infosafe No.: CI06S
ISSUED Date : 06/05/2018
ISSUED by: CCI
1. IDENTIFICATION
GHS Product Iden fier
DEMINERALISED WATER
Company Name
CUSTOM CHEMICALS INTERNATIONAL PTY LTD (ABN 73 050 537 674)
Address
103-107 Potassium Street Narangba
QLD 4504 Australia
Telephone/Fax Number
Tel: 07 3204 8300
Fax: 07 3204 8311
Emergency phone number
13 1126 in Australia (AH)
Recommended use of the chemical and restric ons on use
Demineralised water
2. HAZARD IDENTIFICATION
GHS classifica on of the substance/mixture
Not classified as Hazardous according to the Globally Harmonised System of Classifica on and Labelling of Chemicals (GHS) including Work,
Health and Safety Regula ons, Australia.
Not classified as Dangerous Goods according to the Australian Code for the Transport of Dangerous Goods by Road and Rail. (7th edi on)
3. COMPOSITION/INFORMATION ON INGREDIENTS
Ingredients
Name CAS Propor on
All ingredients are classified as non- hazardous at the concentra ons used
according to the criteria of Safe Work Australia Not applicable -
4. FIRST-AID MEASURES
Inhala on
If inhaled, remove affected person from contaminated area. Remove contaminated clothing and loosen remaining clothing. Allow pa ent to
assume most comfortable posi on. Apply ar ficial respira on if not breathing. Seek medical a en on.
Inges on
Do not induce vomi ng. Wash out mouth thoroughly with water. If vomi ng occurs, give further water to achieve effec ve dilu on. Seek
immediate medical a en on.
Skin
Wash skin with plenty of water. Ensure contaminated clothing is washed before re-use or discard. Seek medical a en on if burning, irrita on
or redness develops.
Eye contact
If in eyes, hold eyelids apart and flush the eyes con nuously with running water. Remove contact lenses. Con nue flushing un l advised to
stop by the Poisons Informa on Centre or a doctor, or for at least 15 minutes. Seek immediate medical a en on.
First Aid Facili es
Eyewash, safety shower and normal washroom facili es.
Advice to Doctor
Treat symptoma cally.
Other Informa on
For advice in an emergency, contact a Poisons Informa on Centre (Phone Australia 131 126) or a doctor at once.
1 of 4 Tenille 28/11/2018, 2:12 pm
5. FIRE-FIGHTING MEASURES
Fire Figh ng Measures
Not expected to be a fire hazard
Suitable Ex nguishing Media
Use media appropriate for the surrounding fire condi ons.
Hazards from Combus on Products
Non combus ble material however if involved in a fire packaging materials will emit toxic fumes.
Specific Hazards Arising From The Chemical
This product is non combus ble.
6. ACCIDENTAL RELEASE MEASURES
Spills & Disposal
Spills o n t nor ally need any special clean up measures. Spilt material may result in a slip hazard and should be absorbed into dry, inert
material to be collect d in appropriately lab lled containers for dispoasl by an approved agent according to local regula ons.
7. HANDLING AND STORAGE
Precau ons for Safe Handling
No specific measures
Condi ons for safe storage, including any incompa bili es
Keep containers closed when not in use, securely sealed and protected against physical damage. Inspect regularly for deficiencies such as
damage or leaks.
8. EXPOSURE CONTROLS/PERSONAL PROTECTION
Occupa onal exposure limit values
No Exposure Limit Established
Appropriate Engineering Controls
No special ven la on required.
Respiratory Protec on
Not required for normal opera ons.
Eye Protec on
Not normally required for using this product.
Hand Protec on
Generally not required for normal opera ons.
9. PHYSICAL AND CHEMICAL PROPERTIES
Form
Liquid
Appearance
Colourless liquid
Odour
Nil
Freezing Point
Approx 0°C
Boiling Point
100°C
Solubility in Water
Miscible in all propor ons.
Specific Gravity
1.00 (25°C)
pH
Neutral
Flammability
Non combus ble or flammable
10. STABILITY AND REACTIVITY
Chemical Stability
Stable under normal condi ons of storage and handling.
Condi ons to Avoid
None known
Incompa ble materials
Sodium metal
Hazardous Decomposi on Products
None known.
2 of 4 Tenille 28/11/2018, 2:12 pm
Hazardous Polymeriza on
None known.
11. TOXICOLOGICAL INFORMATION
Toxicology Informa on
No adverse health effects expected if the product is used in accordance with this Safety Data Sheet and product label.
Inges on
Non-harmful.
Inhala on
Non-harmful by inhala on.
Skin
Non-harmful.
Eye
A mild eye irritant.
12. ECOLOGICAL INFORMATION
Ecotoxicity
Not expected to be harmful to aqua c life when used as directed.
Persistence and degradability
No data available on this specific product.
Mobility
Product miscible in all propor ons with water.
13. DISPOSAL CONSIDERATIONS
Disposal considera ons
Dispose of waste according to applicable local and na onal regula ons. Do not allow into drains or watercourses or dispose of where ground
or surface waters may be affected. Wastes including emp ed containers are controlled wastes and should be disposed of in accordance with all
applicable local and na onal regula ons.
14. TRANSPORT INFORMATION
Transport Informa on
Not classified as Dangerous Goods according to the Australian Code for the Transport of Dangerous Goods by Road and Rail.
U.N. Number
None Allocated
UN proper shipping name
None Allocated
Transport hazard class(es)
None Allocated
15. REGULATORY INFORMATION
Regulatory informa on
Not classified as Hazardous according to the Globally Harmonised System of classifica on and labelling of chemicals (GHS) including Work,
Health and Safety regula ons, Australia.
Poisons Schedule
Not Scheduled
Australia (AICS)
All ingredients listed.
16. OTHER INFORMATION
Date of prepara on or last revision of SDS
SDS reviewed: May 2018. Supersedes: None
References
Prepara on of Safety Data Sheets for Hazardous Chemicals Code of Prac ce.
Standard for the Uniform Scheduling of Medicines and Poisons.
Australian Code for the Transport of Dangerous Goods by Road & Rail.
Model Work Health and Safety Regula ons, Schedule 10: Prohibited carcinogens, restricted carcinogens and restricted hazardous chemicals.
Workplace exposure standards for airborne contaminants.
3 of 4 Tenille 28/11/2018, 2:12 pm
Hazardous Chemical Informa on System (HCIS)/Hazardous Substance Informa on System (HSIS), Safe Work Australia.
Adopted biological exposure determinants, American Conference of Industrial Hygienists (ACGIH).
Globally Harmonised System of classifica on and labelling of chemicals.
Other Informa on
Always use product as directed. Never return any unused material to original drum. The informa on sourced for the prepara on of this
document was correct and complete at the me of wri ng to the best of the writers knowledge. The document represents the commitment to
the company’s responsibili es surrounding the supply of this product, undertaken in good faith. This document should be taken as a safety
guide for the product and its recommended uses but is in no way an absolute authority. Please consult the relevant legisla on and regula ons
governing the use and storage of this type of product.
END OF SDS
© Copyright Chemical Safety Interna onal Pty Ltd
Copyright in the source code of the HTML, PDF, XML, XFO and any other electronic files rendered by an Infosafe system for Infosafe SDS displayed is the intellectual property of Chemical Safety Interna onal
Pty Ltd.
Copyright in the layout, presenta on and appearance of each Infosafe SDS displayed is the intellectual property of Chemical Safety Interna onal Pty Ltd.
The compila on of SDS’s displayed is the intellectual property of Chemical Safety Interna onal Pty Ltd.
Copying of any SDS displayed is permi ed for personal use only and otherwise is not permi ed. In par cular the SDS’s displayed cannot be copied for the purpose of sale or licence or for inclusion as part of
a collec on of SDS without the express wri en consent of Chemical Safety Interna onal Pty Ltd.
4 of 4 Tenille 28/11/2018, 2:12 pm
